[Python] data subscription pages batch [Replace C# samples] (#1865)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/5.4/Raven.Documentation.Pages/client-api/data-subscriptions/consumption/how-to-consume-data-subscription.python.markdown

There are conditions in which the worker will cease its operation and will not try to reconnect:  

* The subscription does not exist or was deleted  
* Another worker took over the subscription (see connection strategy)
* The worker could not connect to any of the servers
* The worker could not receive the node in charge of the task (this can happen when there is no leader)
* Authorization exception
* Exception during connection establishment

{INFO/}

{INFO:User's batch processing logic unhandled exception}
Example:
{CODE:python throw_during_user_logic@ClientApi\DataSubscriptions\DataSubscriptions.py /}

If an exception is thrown, the worker will abort the current batch process. 
A worker can be configured to treat the thrown exception in either of the following two ways:  

* By default, the worker will wrap the thrown exception with a `SubscriberErrorException` exception 
  and rethrow it, terminating the subscription execution without acknowledging progress or retrying.  
  The task returned by the `run` function will be terminated with an erroneous state, throwing 
  a `SubscriberErrorException` exception.  

> * If `SubscriptionWorkerOptions`'s value `IgnoreSubscriberErrors` is set to True, the erroneous 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If `SubscriptionWorkerOptions`'s value `ignore_subscriber_errors` is set to True, the erroneous 
```

Author: done

  batch will get acknowledged without retrying and the next batches will continue processing. 
{INFO/}

{INFO: Reconnecting}
The above cases describe situations in which a worker tries to reconnect with the server.  
There are two key `SubscriptionWorkerOptions` fields controlling this state:

> * `TimeToWaitBeforeConnectionRetry` - Worker 'sleep' period before trying to reconnect.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `time_to_wait_before_connection_retry` - Worker 'sleep' period before trying to reconnect.  
```

Author: done

> * `MaxErroneousPeriod` - Maximum time that the worker is allowed to be in an erroneous state.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `max_erroneous_period` - Maximum time that the worker is allowed to be in an erroneous state.  
```

Author: done

  When this time elapses, the worker will stop trying to reconnect.  
{INFO/}

{INFO: OnUnexpectedSubscriptionError}

> `OnUnexpectedSubscriptionError` is the event raised when a connection failure occurs 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`on_unexpected_subscription_error` is the event raised when a connection failure occurs 
```

Author: done
